This is project for an HR department in the big corporation. Main purpose of the project is to have workers database with all their characteristics, stats, skills, history, comments etc. and make sure that workers in all departments are suitable in their grade and profession, to improve all workers stats, skills and make them a better specialist. Flow is like this: Workers pass assesment, which is kind of quiz, a little bit gamified, wheres at least 3 assesors which will supervise every worker and spot and mark advantages, disadvantages and fill matrix of workers stats with comments on why they decided this, after each worker will pass interview, where assesors gather info and ask questions to make an interview total. After assesment, all that info which is collected in this event, is been registered in the MC (matrix of competency) wheres marks for each competency (0-10 floats included, for example 4.2, 9.8 etc) competencies will be provided later, but there must be ability to create new competencies (whole project must be extensible so it was easy to add, remove anything). There are critical competencies for each department and grade (e.g IT department is critical to know computer science, for financial department its economy etc. and more is your grading for example a lead specialist, you got more critical competencies rather than simple specialist etc) it must be controlled, both marking competency as critical for grade and/or department. All competencies must have minimal marks for your grade and department, which must be also controlled. And here we get an image, characteristics and stats of every worker, and understand which competencies worker must improve. We must be able to robustly controll that data, to make useful analyses, diagrams, reports etc. and see competency of each worker and do they relate and suite to their grade and department. From all that data PID is created for each worker (Plan of Individual Development - is collection of comments, links, materials, books, everything which is useful for this worker to improve their weak or improve more their strong sides or manually chosen competency) this is created so worker was able to see what he must do/read to develop. And theres several ways to develop, all of them are provided by company itself - AtS (companys training center), preceptor (a specialist which is already successful in those competencies, where this worker is weak/strong but needs to be even better/or manually chosen, preceptor must be chosed by platform automatically or manually. preceptor will have guide template, but he can create his own method to help to develop his student, make comments, give materials etc. and at the end, preceptor must give a predicted hypothetical mark of his student, e.g his worker was 5 in any skill, after preceptor works with him he is sure that his student is now 7.5 at that skill, if after next assesment reveals that he is, preceptor will be rewarded) and free section for worker himself so he could add educational material by his own interest. Everything in latest react and golang (chi), postgresql etc